memtx: delete all mvcc stories when altering space (#10160)
tarantool/tarantool: changelogs/unreleased/gh-10146-mvcc-ddl-crashes-and-isolation-violation.md

Author: > I would prefer to squash all the `memtx_tx_invalidate_space` patches together.

It seems that the first commit is already too huge (at least few screens of commit message) so squashing all other commits will make it more unreadable. Let's leave it as is?

Author: Now each commit fixes one isolated problem and it seems nice way to go.

## bugfix/memtx

> * Fixed a bunch of bugs when DDL with MVCC enabled could lead to a crash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed several bugs when DDL with MVCC enabled could lead to a crash
```

Nitpick: jargon
